Corvocado : OK 


'How High The Moon' : I-V open constituent


'You Stepped Out Of A Dream': Deep I-V open constituent

I get why it's drawn as it is, but to me it feels weird connecting the Db7
to Eb rather than C


"This Can't Be Love" : I-V open constituent in first A

Different from the Fakebook transscription - not so easy to check for me

'Take The A Train' : 

Should maybe actually be a I-V constituent if the first A turnaround is
included in the tree? (G7 treelet at 0100) That turnaround is omitted e.g.
in the fakebook (it does have a Db9 going back to the C starting the final
A part).

'Just In Time' : I-II open constituent(?)

Why are some Gm in treelet at 100 part of their own tree, while one is
hanging off the top C7? "Tonicization" vs preparation?


'Just Friends' : I-V open constituent

Again transcriptions differ. In the real book, the G7 at 10000 is a Db7
(movement by semitone vs by fifth). Also, the F#%7 at 11000100 is omitted.

'Jersey Bounce' : Strangely _not_ a I-V open constituent?

After discussion with Daniel - this _should_ be a I-V open constituent in
the first A-part, meaning the Abo7 and Gm7 at 01000 and 010010 respectively
should form the right-most part of the subtree at 00

"I'll Close My Eyes" : I-V open constituent

It's not obvious to me what part of the turnaround/half cadence should end
up on which side of the tree (especially since the transcription I find has
a Abo7 instead of the D7, and a Gb7/C instead of a C7 - but that's
basically the same..). After some thought and discussion with Daniel, it is
either fine as it is, or it is possbly a very long turnaround.

"I Can't Give You Anything But Love" : i-V open constituents en masse

The question here is, again whether these are half cadences or turnarounds.
Not an easy decision.

"I Can't Believe...You're In Love..."

Another one I can't find a lead sheet or recording of right away.

'Hackensack' : OK

'Fine Romance, A' : Open I-V constituent

I'm not sure if the second chord is a preparation of the third (as
written), or a prolongation of the first (similar for the fourth, and also
in the repeat ofc), but this depends a bit on how you feel the phrasing in
the melody. 














